listen James Gunn has three cinematic
universes going on right now he's got
his own Marvel franchise you know at one
point he did it but now he does again
they're trusting him at DC with Suicide
Squad so much that they're pretending
like the previous one didn't even happen
as they recast half of it and now he's
got his own little universe as the
reverse of the other two that to me is
super impressive but what stands out
even more to me is how tight-knit he
makes his sets his buddy is a director
of this movie
his cousin mark and brother Brian wrote
the script they filmed it in secret and
intended to reveal it at San Diego
comic-con and then drop it in November
right away before you know Disney bit
the bait from a troll movie then got
delayed from November 2018 to may 20 19
which if you don't think release dates
matter let me tell you I go to a lot of
winter film festivals where the movies
are getting praised and then by the time
that they get their summer release
they're torn to shreds sometimes it has
to do with you know the producers
changing stuff in the movie other times
it has to do with the climate of movies
and what people are looking for because
like I was reading the summary of Rotten
Tomatoes and I'm like I don't know I
think the trailer did show you exactly
what they were gonna give you to others
they are upset that it does feel like
Man of Steel gone wrong man zack
snyder's MOS was so dark James Gunn hold
my beer I really am a big fan of Zacks
Man of Steel and Zack and I have been
friends for a long time that's just
funny to me cos spider fans are
something else it's like like they are
yelling at someone who's friends with
the person they look up to no one told
them to yell at the person they're
yelling at by the way the tone does vary
a bit but I still think it's faithful to
its trailer I still hope that they set
up this reverse justice league that they
have planned and I definitely find it
interesting that technically this can be
considered a sequel to another gun movie
named super let me explain so obviously
this is playing on the what if Superman
were Damian from The Omen you have a
family living in Brighton Kansas who I
believe had trouble having children so
what a miracle it is that a spaceship
lands in their backyard in 2006
containing a beautiful baby boy all the
same Messiah Immaculate Conception
metaphors are there but with a darker
twist because this kid is weird by the
time he's hitting puberty the parents
are fully aware that there's something
up with him because this boys never
blood in his life
no no he does not now that he's hitting
puberty he's starting to notice all
these different abilities he's touching
the lawn mower blades at full speed for
some reason he's chewing Forks without
even knowing imagine any angsty white
twelve-year-old kid out there who breaks
his controller playing Fortnight imagine
what he would do with his Tantrums if he
had superpowers right superpowers one
tantrum and we're all screwed now while
I did have fun with this movie I agree
with the criticisms that the director
himself even talked about with the tone
kind of varying a lot
the powers make for great horror set
pieces but then it'll cut to a scene
that's a lot funnier than you expect it
to be but the biggest factor to me is
the idea of what makes Brandon evil
because we've seen various incarnations
from DC themselves there's red Sun that
does a great job of exploring an
alternate Superman if he had landed in
Soviet Russia you know he accepts
Superman's symbolism because he's
wearing our colors he's fighting for us
but switched the setting and his morals
now seem like propaganda Smallville of
course was all about nature versus
nurture and how his parents shaped him
Man of Steel makes those same type of
decisions but just a little bit more
angsty er and bbs also has the Batman
side of things where it assumed that we
had already Thor the family and we're
supposed to already know how heartbroken
Batman was supposed to be even though I
I do feel they should have shown us the
movie where Batman's heart got broken
but bright burn is different because
he's just evil there isn't really a
shift or an event that caused him to
turn this way like it did not matter how
great these two's parenting was because
they just threw that psychology out the
window
he's evil just because that's the way he
is and I assume all of the other beings
mentioned within the post-credits scenes
of this movie are supposed to be that
way because their alien origins say so
that shipped that the parents hid in the
barn starts speaking to him now that
he's hit puberty and in a sense is
controlling him it's becoming sort of
beehive and I think it's an interesting
angle because if you really look at his
costume I mean this thing's based off of
a wasp they purposefully even have a
lesson at
school where they're talking about wasps
his sound effects as he zips away is
like a wasp buzz so this insect metaphor
definitely seems to be on purpose it's
not of this on my world it means hope
the irony and there'd be no hope for
Brandon with this one anyways my seller
jr. over here gets caught when his mom
finds human anatomy diagrams within his
porn stash yeah a mature dad then gives
the worst to talk about the birds and
the bees to this wasp and encourages him
to give in to his urges from time to
time which okay one if you're a father
out there listen up ya gotta be blunt
don't let any leeway go through number
two we're talking again about a boy who
had human anatomy diagrams in his porn
stache he then sneaks into his
classmates room because he's following
his dad's advice and because he's never
seen one alpha M video in his entire
life he thinks you're supposed to crush
your crushes arm and the mom defends
Brandon from all of this buffoonery see
if there's one thing that I learned from
this movie is that my wife and I when we
have kids we better listen to each other
and never choose the kid over us if I
tell her if I wake up one morning and I
say yo this kid is Demian 2.0 without a
with 100% certainty she better pull out
the receipt cuz we're taking him back no
questions of course tori is ignorant to
all the signs and deciced i drop a
bombshell on Brandon telling him that
his entire existence is a lie and that
he came from space and while a regular
kid would be grateful that two strangers
protected him Brandon feels like his
fabric of reality has been shredded and
the sites to shred everyone else
this is why I say never lie to your kids
yeah and imagine telling a kid that
Santa isn't real and you had no idea
they had superpowers and all of a sudden
he throws you up the chimney instead
what's easily the most gruesome scene is
the diner one because as a person who
wears contacts myself I hated the eye
see he's trying to get back at his
crushes mom because she tried you know
snitching on him and getting him in
trouble for hurting her daughter and
judging by his speed and strength this
lady was done so the moment she clocked
in kids a little sloppy though and
decides to leave behind his logo like
all over the place and I was just
laughing cuz his logo looks like an
edgier version of the S you know they
asked that we were all drawing in middle
school but I'm telling you he leaves his
card at every crime scene it also
doesn't help that his aunt as a
counselor at a school and is now all up
in his business
for starters according to my school
counselors didn't do anything like I
have never seen a counselor help a
regular kid so how the hell is the
counselor gonna help a super-powered
alien who's going through puberty in the
midst of feeling betrayed and alone
they ain't bloodhound Brandon must have
watched Goodfellas cuz he decides to pay
his aunt a visit at her house letting
her know that snitches get stitches and
then proceeds to kill his uncle because
he was gonna do just dance and that Joe
sing was crazy at this point the dad is
angrier than when he lost Pam Beesly and
decides to take his kid out hunting and
shoot him in the skull
you have full immunity
[Music]
you're dead
and he's dunzo the police don't confront
the mom about the symbol considering
that the initials are BB Brandon Brier
and the mangas goes straight for the
shredder she literally doesn't get that
her child is maniacal until he's ruining
the drywall in her kitchen then she
remembers that the hidden ship in the
deck was the only thing that's ever
caught him recently and magically she's
able to all run a superhuman to the barn
grabs a char to take him out and goes in
with the longest wind-up I have ever
seen it was so long she died man this is
not the night king it's evil Superman
y'all have heard me bash slaps with how
long those wind ups are that you know
they take forever you can literally go
brew Kona coffee come back still have
time to duck I'm telling you this lady I
get to deter kid but she was moving at
point to speed against a super-powered
teenager of course he was going to kill
you Brandon has now fully broken bad and
just like their season two he sets up a
plane crash making it look like he's the
only survivor all the evidence is gone
and the only person who knows anything
about his little secret is Yann tea for
those who don't know Brian Gunn and
Michael Rooker tend to be in almost like
every gun production again because of
how tight-knit they are and here he
shows up in the credits playing a
conspirator named Big T who claims to
know about a league of super-powered
people he mentions a half man which I
guess can be an evil bat to robot he
talks about a half sea monster which is
clearly evil Aquaman a woman choking
people with rope like a villain is
Wonder Woman but then he also shows a
picture of Dwight shoot himself as the
character the Crimson bolt that he
played in James Gunn's film super again
it could just be an easter egg but if
you haven't seen super which is on Hulu
and you know just be warned it's very
vulgar I think it's interesting because
the connection goes beyond the producer
is super is a story about a guy who
wants to get his girlfriend back because
she left them
while he's trying to become a superhero
he tends to also have a lot of violent
outbursts and desires like someone else
who we know so maybe instead of it being
like split where David done shows up to
fight he ends up being someone who joins
the rest of this evil league as maybe
the evil Batman character super has a
similar bloody comedic tone like bright
burn just with a lower budget so it's
not too far off to consider them in the
same universe thus making bright burn a
sequel but in terms of the bright burn
sequel there's actually even more to
that there was in fact another alternate
ending that had to be cut that was
supposed to set up bright burn to where
Brandon's crush Catelyn wakes up in a
lab angry with a robo arm on ready to
take revenge on the boy who ruined her
life
so I don't know if they're gonna make
that but I would definitely come back
for round 2 I think after checking out
this video I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section I know a lot of people felt that
it was empty but again I think we give a
lot of credit for these other cinematic
universes and considering this is
something that is going after Superman
we already compared all the knowledge we
have for Superman but again if they're
comparing it to super and they have an
idea for all of these other like
spin-offs with the evil Wonder Woman
Aquaman yo I say give it a chance I'm
excited for it especially with the way
that they're pitching it because they
said that they the original plan was to
announce it again in July and then four
months later drop it and they have
mentioned Cloverfield it's kind of being
like that so if clover fields anthology
series is for like weird monsters this
but for superheroes of movie's apology
for superheroes where we get a trailer
any day whatsoever and all of a sudden
is just you know connecting the story I
think that would be dope you know the
next one ends up dropping on Super Bowl
Sunday and it's on Netflix that would be
crazy but I'm curious to know your guys
tops on this I did think that
technically when you look at it I've
never seen Super Heroes really cover the
baby aspect other than jack check but I
thought it was an interesting
perspective again the only problem with
it was that they were just automatically
evil I wish it had something to do with
like the parents accidentally did
something wrong as like the parents were
good
they end up making Dumber decisions at
the end but the parents didn't do
anything wrong with a reason for 12
years and I guess time in absolutely
nothing once the Machine started talking
to him but Pearson our guy starts down
below in the comments section I am
curious to see if they continue these
but other than that let me know your
thoughts don't forget to comment like
and subscribe and Billy Irish will sink
bad guy at your birthday